All right let's open the Github comparison tool
let's jump to the top
make sure you hit files changes tab
And here in .env.example file we see there
are four environment variables added that
are used to set up Amazon Web Service.
Let me select one of them and then find
here the variables will be called in
dynamodb configuration on config cache.php
also in sqs config inside config queue.php
and then in ses config inside config services.php
So let's copy
this lines
back to our editor open .env file
and paste them in.
Now we can hide this file.
We don't need this yaml just hide this, also this one.
we've already modified this file
we can hide this now.
Here in trust proxies there is a bit change
just in comment so I'll skip this
in auth service provider
now the policy mapping is commented out.
So let's go back to our editor
open auth service provider. Actually
we have model policy mappings
so we don't need to change this file
we've updated our composer.json file so we can skip this.
Now in config app.php we'll find two new lines added
in aliases Arr and Str. Although we have installed
laravel helper so that we can still use
old Laravel array and string helper,
but let's add both of these in our app. Let's copy this line
back to our editor
open config app.php find
aliases
and paste it here.
Let's copy this one
and then paste here. OK back to our browser, hide this file.
And here in config auth, there is a new line added in api
let's copy this line back to our editor, open config auth find api
and paste it here.
Here in config cache we'll see new configuration added. Here
I'll ignore the comment
Just copy these lines
open config cache
and pace the new configuration here.
Next let's see the database configuration
on the top
there import statements to import Str facade.
So let's copy this line head over it
our editor, open config database,
paste it here.
Back to our browser
and here we see URL being added in each database driver.
If we open our .env file
we don't see the database URL but let's just copy this line.
All right
back to our browser
and here in mysql configuration there's options added
so let's copy these.
Now in redis
there's a bit change in client value and new options added.
So let's copy this lines,
back to our editor,
and here
let's replace this line.
Also we need to add URL in default and cache
back to our browser
here we can skip this config mail.
And then here in config queue there are
new line added in let me expand this
so there's new line added in beanstalkd. So let's copy this line
paste here.
Still in the same file
there is some update to key, secret
and region value on sqs configuration.
So let's update them
and then in config surfaces there's a new config added the postmark
so let's copy these lines
paste here and then let's copy these lines.
Actually we can do that.
So let's be copy each one of these
now here.
That is a big change in the command.
Instead this file probably you could do this but for me I'll skip this change
than here in database get ignore file.
There is a new line added to get ignore a file with extension the SQL light dash journal so let's copy
this Len
navigate to database trickery
then open gate ignore and then paste it here.
Next here in user factory there is a little bit changes but the most important is here.
The hotspots work because now the minimum password length is eight.
So let's copy this value as well as the command
picked or any tor open user.
Factory
here let's replace this line
anything.
Import the user model in the top
and possibly in only the user class is more clean.
Now now for these crit users double migration we don't need to change anything.
Just keep it in increments because it we change this file to big increment we also need to make change
the Frankie column definition in for example great questions that all good answer double etc..
Next in package that is on file will update the x's version to version zero point ninety
here.
We don't need to update the bootstrap version since we have the newest version which is four point three
point one
and then in Pittsburgh unit the next m l.
We need to replace this envy with server overload.
Not changes us up on PSP union
that select all of these and replace with server.
Here we don't need the SPG directory we add this directory when upgrading to liberal version 5 and 7.
But now it no longer needed.
So let's go back to where Ed navigate to public directory
and remove this directory
next.
Here we can skip this read me file
also list up the Charles
as well as bootstrap the chess
and then here inside resources Lang and password at Bisbee.
We need the change the Arab us a message from six to eight.
And instead of validation here new validation error message added.
So let's copy this line
and paste here.
Next in underscore variables not SC s s probably we could ignore this change because it only replace
the double code to single quote
and in paying for it it replace the capital D with a lower D
and then in update SPSS the number bar lawful says US rule no longer needed so let's open up.
Note SPSS
and remove this lens
anything.
That's all we need.
We have upgraded our up to a literal version of five point eight in the next video we'll make some test
to verify that our application still working as before and here.
Don't forget to several changes
and then let's switch to me terminal and then let's type npm install.